[CES-775] Add documentation for IAM framework (#318)
pagopa/dx: website/docs/infrastructure/azure-iam.md

##### Developer Group

- `Contributor` role: can create and manage resources
- Cannot modify IAM assignments
- Cannot modify resource locks
- In Key Vaults using RBAC:
  - `Key Vault Secrets Officer` role: can manage secrets

##### External Group

- `Reader` (inherited) role: can view resources and configurations
- No modification privileges

#### Shared Resources-Level Access

Some resources are inherently shared across teams due to their nature or architectural decisions. These include (but are not limited to):

- Application Gateways
- API Management
- Public and Private DNS Zones
- Private Endpoints
- Other product-specific resources

For shared resources, teams must request role assignments through Pull Requests to the repository where they are defined (generally `<product-name>-infra`). This process is useful to control access nad management of critical resources with big radius impact.

## Role-Based Access Matrix

The following roles are set up automatically by the Terraform module `azure_github_environment_bootstrap`. Its usage is strong advised for mono repositories.
The first view is cleaner and easier to read, recommended for developers.

> <details>

Author: I'm not sure, there are lot of tables and information that may lead the reader to be confused; and some of them are meaningful only through the lens of a specific role only

  <summary>Simplified view</summary>

| | **Product Subscription** | **Product Private Endpoints** | **Product Private DNS Zone** | **Product NAT Gateway** | **Product APIM** | **Team Resource Groups** | **Opex Resource Group** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| **Entra ID Adm** | Writer | Writer | Writer | Writer | Writer | Writer - Lock manager - IAM manager | Writer |
| **Entra ID Devs** | Reader | Writer | Reader | Reader | Reader | Writer - No access to Certificate and Keys | Reader |
| **Entra ID Ext** | Reader | Writer | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader |
| **** |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| **ID Infra CI** | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader | List secrets | Reader | Reader |
| **ID Infra CD** | Reader - IAM Manager | Writer | Writer | Writer | Writer | Writer - IAM Manager - Manage resource locks | Reader - IAM Manager |
| **ID App CD** | Reader | Writer | Writer | Writer | Writer | Writer | Reader |
| **ID Opex CI** | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader |
| **ID Opex CD** | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader | Reader | Writer |

</details>
<br/>

This view is instead recommended for cloud operators.

> <details>

Reviewer: Consider making the tables always visible, so the information is immediately accessible without requiring extra clicks

| **ID Infra CD** | Reader - Role Based Access Control Administrator | Network Contributor | Private DNS Zone Contributor | Network Contributor | API Management Service Contributor | Contributor - Key Vault Secrets Officer - Key Vault Certificates Officer - Key Vault Crypto Officer | (inherited Reader - Role Based Access Control Administrator) |
| **ID App CD** | Reader | (inherited Reader) | (inherited Reader) | (inherited Reader) | (inherited Reader) | (inherited Reader) | Contributor |
| **ID Opex CI** | Reader - Reader and Data Access | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) |
| **ID Opex CD** | Reader | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | (inherited Reader - Reader and Data Access) | Monitoring Contributor - PagoPA Opex Dashboards Contributor |

</details>

### Roles explanation

> `Reader`: Resource control plane read-only access
> 
> `Reader and Data Access`: Resource data plane read access. Allow to write on Storage Account using keys as authentication system
> 
> `PagoPA IaC Reader`: List keys and credentials for IaC access
> 
> `DocumentDB Account Contributor`: CosmosDB control plane access
> 
> `Key Vault Data Access Administrator`: Manage access to Azure Key Vault
> 
> `Key Vault Administrator`: Include data plane operations on a key vault and all objects in it, including certificates, keys, and secrets
> 
> `Key Vault Secrets Officer`: Perform any action on the secrets of a key vault, except manage permissions.
> 
> `Role Based Access Control Administrator`: Manage access to Azure resources by assigning roles using Azure RBAC
> 
> `User Access Administrator`: Lets you manage user access to Azure resources, including locks
> 
> `Network Contributor`: Lets you manage networks, but not access to them
> 
> `Private DNS Zone Contributor`: Lets you manage private DNS zone resources, but not the virtual networks they are linked to.
> 
> `API Management Service Contributor`: Can manage service and the APIs
> 
> `Storage Blob Data Contributor`: Read, write, and delete Azure Storage containers and blobs
> 
> `Storage Queue Data Contributor`: Read, write, and delete Azure Storage queues and queue messages
> 
> `Storage Table Data Contributor`: Allows for read, write and delete access to Azure Storage tables and entities

Reviewer: Here with a table can be more readable and structured
```suggestion
| Role | Description |
|------|------------|
| `Reader` | Resource control plane read-only access |
| `Reader and Data Access` | Resource data plane read access. Allows writing on Storage Account using keys as authentication system |
| `PagoPA IaC Reader` | List keys and credentials for IaC access |
| `DocumentDB Account Contributor` | CosmosDB control plane access |
| `Key Vault Data Access Administrator` | Manage access to Azure Key Vault |
| `Key Vault Administrator` | Includes data plane operations on a key vault and all objects in it, including certificates, keys, and secrets |
| `Key Vault Secrets Officer` | Perform any action on the secrets of a key vault, except managing permissions |
| `Role Based Access Control Administrator` | Manage access to Azure resources by assigning roles using Azure RBAC |
| `User Access Administrator` | Lets you manage user access to Azure resources, including locks |
| `Network Contributor` | Lets you manage networks, but not access to them |
| `Private DNS Zone Contributor` | Lets you manage private DNS zone resources, but not the virtual networks they are linked to |
| `API Management Service Contributor` | Can manage the service and the APIs |
| `Storage Blob Data Contributor` | Read, write, and delete Azure Storage containers and blobs |
| `Storage Queue Data Contributor` | Read, write, and delete Azure Storage queues and queue messages |
| `Storage Table Data Contributor` | Allows for read, write, and delete access to Azure Storage tables and entities |
```

      resource_group_name  = <st-target-rg-name>
      role                 = "reader" # or writer
    }
  ]
}
```

Optionally set the database and container via optional variables `database` and `collections`.

</details>

### Azure Event Hub

#### Team-owned Event Hub

Set by the module

#### Shared Event Hub

<details>
  <summary>Example</summary>

```hcl
module "" {
  source  = "pagopa/dx-azure-role-assignments/azurerm"
  version = "~>0"

  principal_id = <who-needs-access>

  event_hub = [
    {
      namespace_name = <st-target-name>
      resource_group_name  = <st-target-rg-name>
      role                 = "reader" # or writer
    }
  ]
}
```

Optionally set the Event Hubs via `event_hub_names` property.

</details>

### Azure Key Vault

#### Team-owned Key Vault

Set by the module if using RBAC access model (recommended).

<details>
  <summary>Enabling RBAC access model to Key Vault</summary>

```hcl
resource "azurerm_key_vault" "" {
  name                = "name"
  location            = "location"
  resource_group_name = "resource-group"

  enable_rbac_authorization = true
}
```

</details>

Otherwise via Access Policies:

<details>

>   <summary>Manage Key Vault Access Policies</summary>

Reviewer: Consider making this configuration always visible, without requiring extra clicks

```hcl
module "" {
  source  = "pagopa/dx-azure-role-assignments/azurerm"
  version = "~>0"

  principal_id = <who-needs-access>

  key_vault = [
    {
      secrets      = "writer" # or writer or owner
      certificates = "writer" # or writer or owner
      keys         = "writer" # or writer or owner
    }
  ]
}
```

</details>

#### Shared Key Vault

<details>
  <summary>Example</summary>

```hcl
module "" {
  source  = "pagopa/dx-azure-role-assignments/azurerm"
  version = "~>0"

  principal_id = <who-needs-access>

  key_vault = [
    {
      secrets      = "writer" # or writer or owner
      certificates = "writer" # or writer or owner
      keys         = "writer" # or writer or owner
    }
  ]
}
```

</details>

### Azure NAT Gateway

If you get an error about roles while associating a NAT Gateway to an AppService/Function App, please add the `nat_gateway_resource_group_id` optional variable to the `azure_github_environment_bootstrap` by specifying the NAT Gateways' resource group Id.

### Azure Notification Hub

#### Team-owned Notification Hub

Set by the module

#### Shared Notification Hub

> <details>

Reviewer: Consider making this configuration always visible, without requiring extra clicks
